You really took my soul
I not only took your soul
I can also refine
Let your soul fly away
If you die, you can't even move the fetus.
Give me back the handle give me back
And you can kneel down and commit suicide three slaps
My father is the Minister of War
How dare you make me kneel
Well, then I can only blow your mind away
A hundred thousand demons listen to my call
The son of the teacher will really die with his soul on his back
Lord Wang is called Young Master because he has soul loss
Shut up
Kneel down, this is not a few young masters
Can you give me back my soul now?
Sure, but you have to remember
Don't say it again
Otherwise, the soul will be scattered
Wang Junben is jealous of you
Don't come here
What do you want?
Don't mess around
Those who will definitely hold you?